On May 31, two of my special forces, Madagascar,
attacked Diego Suarez, the greatest enemy of the country.
They were killed in a fierce battle.
One of the British battleships Queen Elizabeth,
and the other, the British battleship King John, were destroyed.
The British Navy was destroyed.
The British battleship Sidney,
which was the first of the five states,
was also destroyed.
The British battleship and the British battleship were destroyed.
All five states were destroyed.
On December 8, last year,
the Special Forces of the United States
entered deep into the Sinji Bay and built an immortal fort.
This is a new sight for us.
Today, after the war,
the Special Forces of the United States
once again appeared in Madagascar or Sidney.
Diego Suarez of the Madagascar army
The Suarez was located in India,
about 7,000 miles from Japan's mainland.
The Sidney of the Republic of China is about 4,500 miles
south of the Red Crest.
Can you imagine how the Sea War
was developed at an unprecedented scale?
The destruction of the Hawaiian coastline,
the defeat of the Pacific Coastal War,
and the defeat of the Three-Five Sea War
were not only the result of the defeat,
but also the fact that the US government
had hidden the fact of the defeat
and that the defense of the Republic of China
had been in a state of absolute defeat.
The US Navy's Navy's commander,
General John F. Kennedy,
said that the defense of the Republic of China
was stable thanks to the support of the US.
However, the defense of the Republic of China,
which they had called the absolute defeat,
was exposed by the attack of the Navy's special forces.
The only military base in the southern Republic of China,
the heart of the Republic of China,
the Sidney,
was exposed to the attack
and that the Sidney had been
in a state of absolute defeat
before the attack of the Republic of China.
The entire Republic of China
clearly recognized the level of support
the US government asked for
and the level of defense of the Republic of China.
The US Navy is still in the state of complete defeat
and the US Navy has once again
exposed the level of support
and the level of defense of the Republic of China.
The reason is that
the US Navy has once again forgiven the attack
and that is because
it has been exposed to the attack
of the US military base.